- Kaede: I implemented the menu screen to display the dining hall menu data from the UCSB API. I think the main reason why I made the fewest contribution among our teammates was that I was not familiar with GitHub and mostly worked on our project locally. As another cause, I also spent a lot of time learning and devising how to deal with multiple API calls and their data. However, since I completed my tasks assigned by our team, I believe my fewest contribution doesn't mean I made significantly less effort than other teammates.

- Quansen: The main parts of this project I was working on are the UI design and the user profile page. Throughout the developing process, I implemented changing profile pictures function by taking a user input and displaying that input on the screen. Also, by working with Roy, I was able to sync the user input with our database. I spent my first few weeks working on the UI design: the buttom tabs, the icons, etc. After the MVP, I moved on to the User Profile Page, and I began with the uploading images function. Later on once Ryan completed storing user login status, I was able to display certain information and sync with the database/ Most of the code contributions I made was for the overall user design, especially those before the MVP.

- Roy: I set up the firebase database for this project and assign the databse for our data. Our databse mainly consists of messages of the Dining halls and userdata. I also create the community screen and the chats for four dining halls that allow users to connect with each other. Meanwhile, I also set up firebasehelper to help other screens fetching data from firebase. For the contribution graph, though I have the most contributions in pure numbers, it was also related to the fact that I was the one that uploaded the initial project folder. So our team contribution is not that skewed as in the graph, I cannot complete this project without the help of my teammates.

- Ryan: For the contributions graph, I feel the discrepancies that might arise can be attributed to the commits of our numerous nodes and packages at one point. 
For my part, I was mainly focused on researching and looking up packages and other resources that could best fulfill our features. For example, there were not that many tutorials
on how to specifically implement Google OAuth into React Native and even less that seemed to work for our project. So my part was to follow each individual tutorial until I found
one that wroked for our project - which took a lot of effort but that didn't translate into a lot of lines being committed into the project. Another major feature that I worked on
was trying to implement a way to store our local variables and give other parts of our application access to their values. After discussions and research I decided that
implementing a React Redux store would probably be best to not have to rework the other parts of the app already developed. Similarly, the process of looking up Redux tutorials,
finding one that works, and implementing it didn't lead to a lot of lines being committed.
